so here we go you press finally I
will introduce you how to disassemble a
drive you remove the motor frame
you eat the candle with a crisis 21
after you get off the the piston
to fully embed the blue for
the blog pistons and after you the
back up like that we're going you have
as you have also written and
mounted and after very first time you
have forced my opposite sense of a
clockwise and to me I
already unscrewed my respect we go there after
twisted you extend expected fruit between
approved continues by hand with you
remove the holes so if you do not know if
this is the first time you
do you put all the little ones
pieces together like that
this thing
the oath you know in what sense it
so go there you have the app here it does not
must not lose must lose no
piece
here you are going to remove the cross is
normally it's true fake tickets here
you have a small piece his list at
beyond you put here that you lose it
not there so you had the strap for
block it like that so now
i buy rcnm has nothing behind
you take you makes the bed it's like
So here you have the drive
complete so that's a dimmer
Original lyall cannon cut if I
remove it so do the same except them on
this piece you have three t-bag to no
not lose
I demonstrate check and legal n and that's it
here's a guy there are pretty good again
we see there so there you cicada and
from there
Both here and here why I would
could show you how to disassemble
the clutch
except that I do not really have time
and that would make a video is too much
long
I could not have the m so you have it the same
but the creek key
you take a mouthpiece from me it's 24 and
after we were like that weather has receded
like that and after you turn in the
by and in the opposite direction of a
needle of me and you see that which
moves
what is normal and healthy between that
drives the transmission and the wheel to
the back so you have to either be with
a friend or whatever may have on will do
otherwise you find a system for
block the wheel and you turn and
parents who pay attention to voters
when you remove the bell
will have to be careful because fabien
hold the clutch of the hit corrector
because by wanting the real the spring
and you will skip the figure so here you go
so now
so it's a bit like that to you
after so now you know how
disassemble to dimmer this so that
plays and it's exactly the same so the
mineral sweat y horizontal ar crano
metals and global and the box do
understand you ride your drive
with the barrel the small our tray
the pulley all the little ones
pieces you put the fangs back and you
tighten fair but that at the crown has
ran you put her on the canoe passed
like that after the fact comes back pretty much
like that fable years she will get down to little
close like that my steering wheel and the like
when you put your if he had a
attached you give your join must
tactical is higher and tighter
all lives what's needed extra and
then of course to restart it after
did not put put back the
candle because if he too started
with the pistons block in the Sinai finally
in the breech does not give dear to
your track we see people this is a
little tutorial how to disassemble a
dimmer